How the Spryker Code Upgrader works (#2111)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scu/dev/how-the-spryker-code-upgrader-works.md

> To continue running the Upgrader tool, install the major version manually, and re-run the Upgrader tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue running the Upgrader tool, install the major version manually, and rerun the Upgrader tool.
```

{% info_block infoBox "Composer dependency conflict" %}

> Spryker code upgrader uses the [composer](https://getcomposer.org/) for updating modules and libraries. 

Reviewer 2: Spryker code upgrader -> Spryker Code Upgrader

Author: ++

> If the composer detects a conflict, it stops the update process and returns the error message. To resolve the conflict, you need to manually update the conflicting module and re-run the Upgrader pipline.

Reviewer 2: pipline -> pipeline

Reviewer 2: If the composer detects a conflict, it stops the update process and generates an error message. To resolve the conflict, you must manually update the conflicting module and then re-run the Upgrader pipeline.

Author: Thanks ++

> If the composer detects a conflict, it stops the update process and generates an error message. To resolve the conflict, you must manually update the conflicting module and then re-run the Upgrader pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the composer detects a conflict, it stops the update process and generates an error message. To resolve the conflict, you must manually update the conflicting module and rerun the Upgrader pipeline.
```
